welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the village
residents of the small isolated 19th
century pennsylvania village of
covington
live in fear of those we don't speak of
nameless humanoid creatures living
within the surrounding woods
the villagers have constructed a large
barrier of oil lanterns and watchtowers
that are constantly staffed
after the funeral of a child the village
elders deny lucious hunt's request for
permission to pass through the woods to
get medical supplies from the city
later his mother alice scolds him for
wanting to visit the city
which the villagers describe as wicked
the elders also appear to have secrets
keeping physical mementos hidden in
black boxes
supposedly reminders of the evil and
tragedy in the towns they left behind
after lucious makes an unsanctioned
venture into the woods
the creatures leave warnings in the form
of splashes of red paint on all the
villagers doors
ivy elizabeth walker the blind daughter
of chief elder edward walker
informs lucius that she has strong
feelings for him and he returns her
affections
they arrange to be married but noah
percy
a young man with an apparent
developmental disability
stabs lucius with a knife because he is
in love with ivy himself
noah has locked in a room while a
decision awaits regarding his fate
edward goes against the wishes of the
other elders
agreeing to let ivy pass through the
forest and seek medicine for lucious
before she leaves edward explains that
the creatures inhabiting the woods are
actually members of their own community
wearing costumes and have continued the
legend of monsters in an effort to
frighten and deter
others from attempting to leave ivy and
two young men are sent into the forest
but they abandon ivy almost immediately
fearful of the creatures
rationalizing they will spare ivy out of
pity
while traveling through the forest one
of the creatures
suddenly attacks ivy she tricks it into
falling into a deep hole to its death
the creature is actually noah wearing
one of the costumes
which he discovered under the
floorboards of the room where he had
been confined after stabbing lucious
ivy eventually finds her way to the far
edge of the woods
where she encounters a high ivy covered
wall
after she climbs over the wall a young
park ranger named kevin spots ivy and is
shocked to hear that she has come out of
the woods
the woods are actually the walker
wildlife preserve
named for ivy's family as it is the
modern era instead
of the 19th century as the villagers
believe
ivy gives kevin a list of medicines that
she must acquire
also giving him a golden pocket watch as
payment
during this time it is revealed that the
village was founded in the late 1970s
edward walker then a professor of
american history at the university of
pennsylvania
approached other people he met at a
grief counseling clinic
all suffering the crime-related death of
loved ones
he asked them to join in creating a
place where they would sustain
themselves and be protected from any
aspect of the outside world
they built covington in the middle of a
wildlife preserve purchased with
edward's family fortune
the head park ranger tells kevin that
the walker estate pays the government to
keep the entire preserve a no-fly zone
while also funding the ranger corps who
ensure no outside force disrupts the
preserve
kevin discreetly retrieves the requested
medicine from his ranger station and ivy
returns to the village with the supplies
left unaware of the truth of the
situation
during her absence the elders secretly
open their black boxes
each containing mementos from their
lives in the outside world
including items related to their past
traumas
the elders gather around lucius's bed
when they hear that ivy has returned and
that she killed one of the monsters
edward points out to knows grieving
mother that his death will allow them to
continue deceiving the rest of the
villagers that there are creatures in
the woods
ivy comes in and tells lucius that she
has returned
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you